# Manera Privacy Policy

By default, Manera does not store any data. If a server member with Manage Server permission uses the prefix command to change the bot's prefix, the server's automatically generated Discord ID (for example, 1130608566663913552) will be stored in the bot's database along with the provided prefix. These are valid within configurable commands. to keep it going. No other data about the server is stored. Manera never stores user-specific data. Prefix data is stored only for the bot to run and is not shared with anyone else or used for any other reason. Data is stored on paid Virtual Private Servers. You can also contact me on my tatlicivciv#0 (966692929840242748) discord to request deletion of data, or you can come to the support server and open a request and specify this. Data is stored for less than 30 days. Data is protected in a private virtual server. The user can access their own data upon request. If the user registers an incorrect data, he has the right to have it corrected. Users have the right to completely delete their personal data and also to prevent further data collection. They can do this by opening a request on our support server. Under certain conditions, users may restrict their use and processing of their data. Users have the right to request their data in machine-readable and human-readable formats. Users have the right to opt out of automated decision-making should there be an adverse legal impact or something similar. Users have the right to object to the use of personal data containing personal interests. 

